outfit "Hai Corundum Regenerator"
  category "Regeneration"
  cost 300000
  thumbnail "outfit/small regenerator hai"
  "mass" 16
  "outfit space" -16
  "shield generation" .7
  "shield energy" .7
  "energy consumption" .3
  "shield heat" 3
  description "Hai shield regenerators work by subtly modifying the geometry and harmonics of your shield matrix in order to make your shields more malleable and therefore much easier to recharge. Unfortunately, this system requires a constant power source, and generates a fair bit of heat while regenerating."

outfit "Hai Diamond Regenerator"
  category "Regeneration"
  cost 1150000
  thumbnail "outfit/large regenerator hai"
  "mass" 49
  "outfit space" -49
  "shield generation" 2.5
  "shield energy" 2.5
  "shield heat" 9
  "energy consumption" .9
  description "The Hai Diamond Shield Regenerator is an advanced type of shield recharging technology. Unfortunately, its power needs are quite high, and the shifts it makes to your shield matrix causes intense heat at the regenerator when your shields are charging. The Hai usually employ Williwaw Cooling when they use this regenerator."



outfit "Hai Williwaw Cooling"
  category "Cooling"
  cost 15000
  thumbnail "outfit/cooling ducts hai"
  "mass" 8
  "outfit space" -8
  "cooling" 9.5
  description "While Hai technology is fairly heat efficient, occasionally they outfit their ships such that they sporadically overheat and shut down. When that happens, they install these."



outfit "Quantum Keystone"
  category "Systems"
  cost 12000
  thumbnail "outfit/keystone"
  "mass" 1
  "outfit space" -1
  "quantum keystone" 1
  description "This chunk of rock from the mountains on the Hai homeworld is apparently nothing more than a good luck charm, but the Hai have decorated their ships with them since the height of their empire. More superstitious Hai claim that the stones somehow reduce the nausea induced by hyperspace jumps by making travel between star systems easier."



outfit "Hai Chasm Batteries"
  plural "Hai Chasm Batteries"
  category "Energy Capacity"
  cost 18000
  thumbnail "outfit/battery_tiny_hai"
  "mass" 5
  "outfit space" -5
  "energy capacity" 491
  description "Hai power storage technology is thousands of years old, but remarkably simple and robust. This is the smallest Hai battery pack."

outfit "Hai Fissure Batteries"
  plural "Hai Fissure Batteries"
  category "Energy Capacity"
  cost 22000
  thumbnail "outfit/battery_small_hai"
  "mass" 15
  "outfit space" -15
  "energy capacity" 1709
  description "This battery pack has more than three times the energy capacity of the Hai Chasm Batteries, allowing their ships to engage in combat for longer periods of time before running out of energy."

outfit "Hai Gorge Batteries"
  plural "Hai Gorge Batteries"
  category "Energy Capacity"
  cost 55000
  thumbnail "outfit/battery_medium_hai"
  "mass" 30
  "outfit space" -30
  "energy capacity" 3761
  description "This medium-sized battery pack is ideal for most of the Hai power needs, allowing for medium length combat engagements, but could also be used keep a ship's heat footprint low with a small power generator and oversized engines."

outfit "Hai Ravine Batteries"
  plural "Hai Ravine Batteries"
  category "Energy Capacity"
  cost 124000
  thumbnail "outfit/battery_large_hai"
  "mass" 60
  "outfit space" -60
  "energy capacity" 8205
  description "This large battery pack boasts higher energy density than smaller models, and helps keep ships fighting in spite of sustaining several Ion Cannon impacts."

outfit "Hai Valley Batteries"
  plural "Hai Valley Batteries"
  category "Energy Capacity"
  cost 300000
  thumbnail "outfit/battery_huge_hai"
  "mass" 120
  "outfit space" -120
  "energy capacity" 17777
  description "While most Hai ships do not employ their largest battery model, a few very powerful warships are occasionally equipped with one, keeping their heat footprint low, and allowing them to survive longer in a fight against opponents carrying Ion Cannons."


outfit "Boulder Reactor"
  category "Energy Generation"
  cost 5750000
  thumbnail "outfit/fusion hai"
  "mass" 90
  "outfit space" -90
  "energy generation" 17.3
  "heat generation" 34
  description "The Hai designed these miniaturized fusion generators back when their territory was being raided by the Korath. In these relatively peaceful times, they have seen no need to update the design."

outfit "Geode Reactor"
  category "Energy Generation"
  cost 1750000
  thumbnail "outfit/fission hai"
  "mass" 58
  "outfit space" -58
  "energy generation" 8.9
  "heat generation" 21.2
  description "Fission reactors are considered a rudimentary technology among interstellar species. Nonetheless, it remains a proven and safe technology that even the Hai use fairly regularly."

outfit "Pebble Core"
  category "Energy Generation"
  cost 1050000
  thumbnail "outfit/dwarf core hai"
  "mass" 32
  "outfit space" -32
  "energy generation" 4.5
  "heat generation" 11.9
  description "A Pebble Core is a miniaturized nuclear reactor, small enough to be installed in any ship larger than a fighter. The Hai developed this model for their smaller ships."

outfit "Sand Cell"
  category "Energy Generation"
  cost 45000
  thumbnail "outfit/fuel_cell_hai"
  "mass" 24
  "outfit space" -24
  "energy generation" 1.55
  "heat generation" 2.4
  description "The Sand Cell is the smallest Hai generator. It was designed to fit their drones, and it clearly resembles human fuel cells."



outfit "Pulse Rifle"
  category "Hand to Hand"
  cost 11000
  thumbnail "outfit/hai rifle"
  "capture attack" .7
  "capture defense" 1.0
  "unplunderable" 1
  description "The Pulse Rifle was first developed by the Hai to help protect their ships from boarders during the Korath raids. While it has since been adapted to more effectively incapacitate its target, if several bolts land in quick succession, the accumulated charge has a lethal effect on most species' nervous systems."

