outfit "Biodefences"
  plural "Biodefences"
  category "Boarding"
  licences
    Pug
  thumbnail "outfit/biodefences"
  cost 500000
  "mass" 5
  "outfit space" -5
  "capture defence" 250
  description "This defence system is designed to release a suite of toxins that are lethal to human beings (and probably to some other species, as well) but which have no effect at all on the Pug."

outfit "Force Field"
  category "Boarding"
  thumbnail "outfit/force_field"
  cost 100000
  "mass" 2
  "outfit space" -2
  "capture defence" 10
  description "This device can generate a screen of pulsating energy to block intruders and projectiles."

outfit "Fragmentation Grenades"
  plural "Fragmentation Grenades"
  category "Boarding"
  thumbnail "outfit/fragmentation_grenades"
  cost 7000
  "capture attack" 1.3
  "capture defence" .3
  description "Fragmentation grenades are an only marginally legal weapon for hand-to-hand combat when boarding a ship, useful for flushing out defenders who are hunkered down in defensible choke points inside their own ship. They are much less useful as a defensive weapon, but still better than nothing."

outfit "Intrusion Countermeasures"
  plural "Intrusion Countermeasures"
  category "Boarding"
  thumbnail "outfit/unknown"
  licences
    Quarg
  "mass" 1
  "cargo space" -1
  "capture defence" 100
  description "Quarg ships are outfitted with special systems for repelling boarders. Because no one wants to be caught by the Quarg with stolen technology, these systems are pretty much worthless on the open market."

outfit "Ion Rifle"
  category "Boarding"
  licences
    Heliarch
  thumbnail "outfit/rifle_heliarch"
  cost 25000
  "capture attack" 2.1
  "capture defense" 2.8
  description "The Ion Rifle is a heavy hand-held weapon which shoots disrupting ions to kill its opponents. It was developed long ago. Because Coalition space is peaceful nowadays, sales are restricted by the Heliarch, and nobody needs hand-to-hand weapons any more. Nevertheless, all Heliarch ships are equipped with a number of Ion Rifles, just in case."

outfit "Laser Rifle"
  category "Boarding"
  thumbnail "outfit/rifle_human"
  cost 4000
  "capture attack" .6
  "capture defence" .8
  description "A laser rifle is a step up from the sidearms that crew members typically carry for defence against pirates: more powerful, and more accurate as well. For each of these rifles that one of your crew is wielding, your odds of capturing another ship or defending your own ship from boarders are increased substantially."

outfit "Nerve Gas"
  plural "Nerve Gas"
  category "Boarding"
  thumbnail "outfit/nerve_gas"
  cost 13000
  "capture attack" 2.8
  "capture defence" .8
  "illegal" 1000000
  description "This is a highly illegal weapon for hand to hand combat when boarding an enemy ship. Because chemical weapons are banned by interstellar law, you can be severely fined for getting caught in possession of nerve gas canisters. But, they do clear out an enemy ship quicker than just about anything else…"

outfit "Repeater Rifle"
  category "Boarding"
  thumbnail "outfit/rifle_korath"
  licences
    Korath
  cost 16000
  "capture attack" 1.5
  "capture defence" 2.0
  description "This rifle is commonplace among the Korath, predating the creation of the Repeater by at least two centuries. As it uses superheated plasma instead of lasers, the rifle is slow to fire and can sometimes burn its user's hands if they aren't careful. It makes up for these setbacks by guaranteeing that those hit won't live long enough to fire back."

outfit "Security Station"
  category "Boarding"
  thumbnail "outfit/security_station"
  cost 24000
  "mass" 5
  "outfit space" -5
  "capture defence" 6.5
  description "This is a specially designed barricade, which can be installed in the hallways of your ship as a powerful defence against anyone who boards you in an attempt to take over your ship."

