start
  date 18 10 3018
  system "Gamma Corvi"
  planet "Bourne"
  account
    credits 1810
  set "licence: Pilot"
  ship "Light Shuttle" "Endless Sky"



conversation "intro"
  `Finally! Today is the day you've been waiting for, the day you can obtain your pilot licence.`
  `    The Bourne Space Pilot Office's architecture is what you would have called 'futuristic' back when you dreamed that the future would be less squalid than the present: storey above storey of curves and spires and balconies, all in gleaming metal. Doormen stand by the heavy glass doors. You are wearing your very best clothes, but you feel shabby next to them.`
  `    The lobby on the licence floor is less intimidating. It is light, spacious, and quiet. Only a few other people are waiting. You vaguely notice the pleasant softness of the couch, but you're so excited you can't really sit still, therefore you start pacing around the room, rapidly glimpsing at the posters on the walls, occasionally catching the names of places that you have only seen in movies: Aldebaran. Tarazed. Earth.`
  `    Now it's your turn. You follow the directions and enter a small room. The civil servant in there gestures you to sit down at the desk full of paperwork.`
  `    The pen is heavy as lead but glides almost without friction as you print your initials on the bottom of page after page of ominous legal documents and sign several dozen statements, notices, and agreements. The man flips the pages past you quickly, uttering a curt, "Sign here. Now here. And here," mechanically pointing to the correct spot on each page. When you've finally worked through all the documents, the man places your brand new pilot licence in front of you. "And here is the receipt." He grins.`
  `    You sign your name one final time:`
  name
  `    The elevator is so well-tuned that you do not even realize it is moving until it has deposited you back in the lobby. But as you leave the building, you are smiling. This crazy adventure suddenly feels real to you. You are going to do it. You are finally going to get off this planet.`
  `    Compared to the office, you feel much more at home in the shipyard, walking among the rusted out hulks and newer ships that gleam in the sunlight. You smell grease and dirt and rocket fuel; wonderful smells. Your very own shuttle is already made ready to depart.`

